<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="introduction_xml"><title>Introduction to the User Guide</title><body>
  <section id="title-introduction-to-the-user-guide-last_updated-tbd-sidebar-mydoc_sidebar-permalink-collectionpathhtml">
    <title>Introduction to the User Guide</title>
    <p>
      This ThoughtSpot User Guide contains information on navigating and
      searching data with ThoughtSpot. It assists you with starting new
      searches, managing your pinboards, and troubleshooting.
    </p>
    <p>
      ThoughtSpot enables you to view and analyze your data through a
      search-based user interface. You can create your searches quickly
      and easily, just by typing them into a search bar, like you do
      when using an Internet search engine. ThoughtSpot makes it easy to
      see your data, get your questions answered, create interactive
      graphs, and customize pinboards. You don't need to understand how
      ThoughtSpot stores information, attend days of training, or know
      SQL to do these things. Collaboration and security features make
      it easy to protect sensitive data, and safely share information
      with others.
    </p>
    <p>
      ThoughtSpot gives administrators the ability to modify data
      properties to meet business needs. Administrators can specify
      search synonyms for common terms, boost the importance of a column
      in search results, or format how the data appears. So, if you are
      not getting the answers you expect when using ThoughtSpot, check
      with your ThoughtSpot administrator to see if some settings can be
      changed.
    </p>
    <ul>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[Finding your way around]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/introduction/about-navigating-thoughtspot.html)</i>
To make navigation easy, we organized ThoughtSpot into several sections. You can see them on the menu bar.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[About the user profile]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/introduction/about-user.html)</i>
The user icon lets you view your profile, or sign out of ThoughtSpot.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[Understanding privileges]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/introduction/about-privileges-end-user.html)</i>
Your privileges determine the things you can do. ThoughtSpot sets privileges at the group level.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[About stickers]({{ site.baseurl }}/end-user/stickers.html)</i>
You can create stickers to make it easier for people to find data sources and pinboards.</literallayout>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </section>
</body>

</topic>
