<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="sharing-for-end-users_xml"><title>Overview of sharing</title><body>
  <section id="title-overview-of-sharing-last_updated-12102019-toc-false-sidebar-mydoc_sidebar-permalink-collectionpathhtml">
    <title>Overview of sharing</title>
    <p>
      Whenever you are working in ThoughtSpot, you are in your own
      private environment until you share your work with others. Sharing
      applies to searches, pinboards, and any data you upload. You share
      by clicking the <i>Share</i> button
      from within the object you want to share and specifying the users
      or groups with whom you want to share. An email notification goes
      out to those users or groups when you click
      <i>Share</i>.
    </p>
  </section>
  <section id="what-you-can-share">
    <title>What you can share</title>
    <p>
      This is a list of objects a regular, non-administrator user can
      share. Administrators have more granular control over data
      security.
    </p>
    <p>
      You can share with groups and with individual people. You can
      share several different types of objects:
    </p>
    <informaltable>
      <tgroup cols="3">
        <colspec align="left"/>
        <colspec align="left"/>
        <colspec align="left"/>
        <thead>
          <row>
            <entry>
              Object type
            </entry>
            <entry>
              Description
            </entry>
            <entry>
              Default security model
            </entry>
          </row>
        </thead>
        <tbody>
          <row>
            <entry>
              Uploaded data
            </entry>
            <entry>
              Data you upload using a Web browser.
            </entry>
            <entry>
              Only the user who uploaded the data (and any user with
              administrator privileges) has access to it by default.
              They can share a table (or selected columns) with other
              people or groups. See
              <link href="share-user-imported-data.html#">Share
              uploaded data</link>.
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>
              Pinboards
            </entry>
            <entry>
              A pinboard of saved search results.
            </entry>
            <entry>
              Anyone who can view a pinboard can share it. See [share a
              pinboard]({{ site.baseurl
              }}/end-user/pinboards/share-pinboards.html#).
            </entry>
          </row>
          <row>
            <entry>
              Answers
            </entry>
            <entry>
              The result of a single search.
            </entry>
            <entry>
              Anyone who can view an answer can share it. See [share
              answers]({{ site.baseurl
              }}/end-user/pinboards/share-answers.html).
            </entry>
          </row>
        </tbody>
      </tgroup>
    </informaltable>
  </section>
  <section id="who-can-share-and-to-whom">
    <title>Who can share and to whom</title>
    <p>
      You do not have to be an administrator or the owner of an object
      to share saved answers or pinboards. Any user can share them,
      based on the access levels the user has.
    </p>
    <p>
      If you upload a spreadsheet, you can share
      <i>Can View</i> or
      <i>Can Edit</i> privileges with other
      people, who can further share them with others. This last point is
      important. Like sharing a secret, sharing an object or your data
      can quickly spread in ths way to people you do not intend it to.
      So, if your data or work is sensitive to your business be
      thoughtful in how you share it.
    </p>
    <p>
      Finally, you can revoke access to an object (table, worksheet, or
      pinboard) that you have previously shared. Unsharing an object is
      very similar to sharing it.
    </p>
  </section>
</body>

</topic>
