<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="intro-onboarding_xml"><title>Onboarding Users</title><body>
  <section id="title-onboarding-users-last_updated-10072019-summary-guided-onboarding-simplifies-the-initial-engagement-that-new-users-have-with-thoughtspot-and-encourages-it-adoption-throughout-your-organization-sidebar-mydoc_sidebar-permalink-collectionpathhtml">
    <title>Onboarding Users</title>
    <p>
      Onboarding enables users to master the key workflows of
      ThoughtSpot, and makes them productive and capable users in a very
      short time.
    </p>
    <p>
      When you create a new user, we recommend that you add them to a
      user group immediately. Configure that user group to use a
      specific data source, choose up to three initial pinboards, and
      specify the text of the welcome email.
    </p>
    </section>
  <section id="prerequisites-for-onboarding">
    <title>Prerequisites for onboarding</title>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <p>
          <i>Valid emails</i> All users must
          have valid emails.
        </p>
        <p>
          To include users in the onboarding process, each user profile
          must include a valid email address; see [Create a user]({{
          site.baseurl }}/admin/users-groups/add-user.html#add-user).
        </p>
        <p>
          To load and validate user information (including email
          addresses) in bulk, we recommend using Active Directory
          configuration and sync. See [Configure LDAP for Active
          Directory]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/admin/setup/LDAP-config-AD.html).
        </p>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <p>
          <i>Onboarding configuration</i>
          Before starting the onboarding process, an administrator must
          specify the configuration through the [tscli onboarding
          command]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/reference/tscli-command-ref.html#tscli-onboarding).
        </p>
      </li>
    </ul>
    </section>
  <section id="onboarding-process">
    <title>Onboarding Process</title>
    <p>
      The key workflows that enable successful onboarding include the
      following:
    </p>
    <ol>
      <li>
        <p>
          Configure and save a default Pinboard (or Pinboards) for new
          users. Alternatively, determine what default Pinboards you
          plan to use for each user group.
        </p>
        <p>
          See steps for [creating a pinboard]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/end-user/pinboards/about-pinboards.html#create-a-pinboard).
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          Create a new user group, or edit an existing user group to
          which new users belong:
        </p>
        <ul>
          <li>
            <p>
              specify the group name and its display name
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>
              set the sharing visibility to visible
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>
              specify the Privileges
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>
              select up to 3 default pinboards
            </p>
          </li>
          <li>
            <p>
              test and customize the test welcome email. See steps for
              [creating a user group]({{ site.baseurl
              }}/admin/users-groups/add-group.html#add-group) or
              [editing a user group]({{ site.baseurl
              }}/admin/users-groups/add-group.html#edit-group).
            </p>
          </li>
        </ul>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          Create a new user and assign them to the group you are using
          for onboarding. See steps for [creating a new user]({{
          site.baseurl }}/admin/users-groups/add-user.html#add-user).
          You can also add existing users to the group; see
        </p>
        <p>
          In addition to creating a new user directly in ThoughtSpot,
          you can add users in bulk through [Active Directory]({{
          site.baseurl
          }}/admin/setup/active-directory-based-access.html).
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          When the new user signs in for the first time, the ThoughtSpot
          onboarding process starts automatically and guides them
          through a few basic scenarios of using the application. See
          [User onboarding experience]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/end-user/onboarding/user-onboarding-experience.html).
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          <i>[Optional]</i> Any user can
          repeat their onboarding experience at any time. Simply select
          <i>Profile</i> from user icon on
          the top right corner of the page. Under
          <i>Preferences &gt; New user
          onboarding</i>, click
          <i>Revisit</i>. See [Revisit
          onboarding]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/end-user/introduction/about-user.html#onboarding).
        </p>
      </li>
    </ol>
    </section>
  <section id="notes-on-data-source-recommendation">
    <title>Notes on Data Source recommendation</title>
    <p>
      User groups in ThoughtSpot can be hierarchical, and each user can
      belong to multiple groups. Because of this, the choice of the
      Recommended Data Source may be be surprising, both to users and
      admins.
    </p>
    <p>
      We determine the default Data Source for
      <i>each user</i> based on these
      criteria:
    </p>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <p>
          Consider all default Pinboards, across all Groups
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          Identify Data Sources associated with these Pinboards
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          Rank the Data Sources on frequency of use
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          Select the highest ranked Data Source
        </p>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>
      Admins can preview onboarding flow for any given user, and adjust
      the selection of default Pinboards.
    </p>
  </section>
</body>

</topic>
