<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="about-query-on-query_xml"><title>Understand views</title><body>
  <section id="last_updated-1122018-summary-if-you-want-to-search-on-top-of-another-search-try-saving-your-search-as-a-view-then-you-can-use-the-saved-view-as-a-data-source-for-a-new-search-sidebar-mydoc_sidebar-permalink-collectionpathhtml">
    <title>Understand views</title>
    <p>
    </p>
  </section>
  <section id="introduction-to-views">
    <title>Introduction to views</title>
    <p>
      {% include note.html content="Prior to ThoughtSpot version
      5.0, Views were known as Aggregated Worksheets. When you upgrade
      to version 5.0 or later versions, any pre-existing Aggregated
      Worksheets will be converted to Views for you automatically. The
      functionality remains the same, but the name has changed." %}
    </p>
    <p>
      You may have noticed that when you do a search on a data source,
      ThoughtSpot is only able to aggregate one column by one other
      column. Because of this, you may come across searches you can't do
      in one pass, because they are essentially nested queries. But you
      can create the equivalent of nested queries using a view, which is
      an answer that you have saved for the purpose of building other
      searches on top of it.
    </p>
    <p>
      You can use a view just like any other data source. You can even
      link it to other sources by defining a relationship. When you save
      an answer as a view, and then use it as a source in a new search,
      it is similar to doing a nested query in SQL, only much easier to
      create.
    </p>
    <p>
      To create a view, you must belong to a group that has the
      privilege <i>Can administer
      ThoughtSpot</i> or <i>Can manage
      data</i>. If you are not able to create views, contact your
      administrator and request the <i>Can manage
      data</i> privilege.
    </p>
  </section>
  <section id="view-workflow">
    <title>View workflow</title>
    <p>
      Suppose you have created a search on the sales fact table that
      shows the top ten Sales Reps by revenue for the first quarter.
      Then you want to do some further investigations on that set of
      data, like ranking them by how much they discounted a specific
      product using data from the orders fact table. Unless you save
      your first answer as a view, certain explorations like this won't
      be possible. If you want to do this, here are the steps at a high
      level:
    </p>
    <ol>
      <li>
        <p>
          Create the first search, and [save it as a view]({{
          site.baseurl
          }}/complex-search/create-aggregated-worksheet.html#).
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          [Create relationships]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/admin/data-modeling/create-new-relationship.html#) or
          [define joins]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/admin/loading/constraints.html#) to connect your view with
          any other data sources you need.
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          Create a new search that includes your view and the other
          sources you linked with it.
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          You may want to [create a new worksheet]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/admin/worksheets/about-worksheets.html#) that includes all
          these data sources.
        </p>
        <p>
          Creating a worksheet will make it easier for people to search
          using your view and any related tables.
        </p>
      </li>
    </ol>
  </section>
  <section id="best-practices-for-using-views">
    <title>Best practices for using views</title>
    <p>
      Only users with the [<i>Can administrator
      ThoughtSpot</i> or the <i>Can manage
      data</i> privilege]({{ site.baseurl
      }}/admin/users-groups/about-users-groups.html) can create views
      and link them. Users that create views should keep in mind best
      practices for creating a worksheet and the boundaries around the
      final worksheet size.
    </p>
    <p>
      {% include note.html content="Views do not support row level
      security, so all users of a view will be able to see all the data
      it contains." %}
    </p>
    <p>
      To be able to join a view with a base table, your installation
      must be configured to allow this. The view cannot have more than 5
      tables involved, and the number of rows in the view cannot be
      greater than 1000.
    </p>
    <p>
      The order of the objects being linked (joined) matters, this is
      because joins are directional. The table or view with the foreign
      key needs to occur in the first (left) position. The table or view
      with the primary key should be in the second (right) position.
    </p>
    <p>
      For the best performance, views should have 50 or fewer columns
      and no more than 10 million rows. Exceeding these boundaries can
      make your view slow. You can remedy this by materializing it.
    </p>
    <p>
      You can use an ETL (extract, transform, load) process to
      circumvent these limitations.
    </p>
  </section>
  <section id="related-information">
    <title>Related Information</title>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <p>
          [More view scenario examples]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/complex-search/more-example-scenarios.html#)
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          [Save a search as a view]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/complex-search/create-aggregated-worksheet.html#)
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          [Constraints]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/admin/loading/constraints.html#)
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          [Materialized views]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/admin/loading/materialized-views.html#)
        </p>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </section>
</body>

</topic>
