<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="about-pinned-measures_xml"><title>Group aggregation functions</title><body>
  <section id="last_updated-tbd-sidebar-mydoc_sidebar-permalink-collectionpathhtml">
    <title>Group aggregation functions</title>
    <p>
      What if you want to aggregate a value by a specific attribute (for
      example, show revenue by product)? This is known as a grouped
      aggregation, but some people call it a pinned measure or
      level-based measure. You can do this for any aggregation using the
      grouping functions.
    </p>
    <p>
      Each of the grouping functions accepts a measure and one or more
      optional attributes:
    </p>
    <programlisting>
formula (measure, [attribute, attribute, ...])
</programlisting>
    <p>
      Only the measure value is required. If you supply both a measure
      and an attribute, the function returns the aggregate of the
      measure grouped by the attribute(s). You should experiment with
      only a measure and then with an attribute to see which output best
      meets your use case.
    </p>
  </section>
  <section id="list-of-group-functions">
    <title>List of group functions</title>
    <p>
      Group aggregation functions have names with formats like
      <codeph>group_&lt;aggregation&gt;</codeph>. The group
      aggregation functions are the following:
    </p>
  </section>
  <section id="flexible-aggregation">
    <title>Flexible aggregation</title>
    <p>
      The <codeph>group_aggregate</codeph> function gives you more
      control over aggregation and filtering.
    </p>
    <p>
      See <link href="aggregation-flexible.html#">Flexible
      aggregation</link> to learn more about specifying
      <codeph>query_groups</codeph> with this formula.
    </p>
  </section>
</body>

</topic>
