<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="add-formula-to-search_xml"><title>Understand formulas in searches</title><body>
  <section id="title-understand-formulas-in-searches-last_updated-11062019-summary-to-provide-richer-insights-you-can-add-a-formula-to-your-thoughtspot-search-sidebar-mydoc_sidebar-permalink-collectionpathhtml">
    <title>Understand formulas in searches</title>
    <p>
      The Formula Builder includes many types of operators, such as
      logical (if, then, else), math, date, and text string functions.
    </p>
    <p>
      You can create a formula from directly within a search. If you
      have the privilege that allows you to create or edit worksheets,
      you can also create a formula within a worksheet. Formulas in
      worksheets act as derived columns, so that anyone who uses the
      worksheet as a data source will see the formula as just another
      column.
    </p>
    <p>
      Adding a formula within a search works much the same way as adding
      a formula to a worksheet. However, you will be able to edit the
      formula directly from within the answer. If you add the answer to
      a pinboard and share it with the
      <i>Edit</i> privilege, other people
      can see the formula results, too. To make edits to the formula,
      they also need to have the <i>Edit</i>
      privilege on the underlying data.
    </p>
    <ul>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[Add a formula to a search]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/how-to-add-formula.html)</i>
You can add a formula directly within a search. Some common reasons for using a formula in a search are to perform mathematical functions, check for and replace null values, or add if...then...else logic.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[View or edit a formula in a search]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/edit-formula-in-answer.html)</i>
You can always go back and view or edit a formula that has been added to a search. Do this by clicking the edit icon next to its name in the <i>Columns</i> listing.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[About aggregate formulas]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/aggregation-formulas.html)</i>
When working with formulas, it is useful to understand the difference between regular (or row-wise) formulas and aggregation formulas.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[About conversion formulas]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/conversion-formulas.html)</i>
Some formulas require the input to be of a particular data type. If you find that you want to pass a value to the function, but it is of the wrong data type, you can convert it using a conversion formula.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[About date formulas]({{ site.baseurl }}/advanced-search/formulas/date-formulas.html)</i>
Date formulas allow you to apply date related functions to your formulas.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[About percent (simple number) calculations]({{ site.baseurl }}/advanced-search/formulas/percent-calculations.html)</i>
You can use simple number functions to perform useful percent calculations.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[About conditional formulas (operators)]({{ site.baseurl }}/advanced-search/formulas/conditional-sum.html)</i>
Conditional formulas, or operators, allow you to apply <codeph>if</codeph>/<codeph>then</codeph>/<codeph>else</codeph> conditions in your formulas.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[About nested formulas]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/about-nested-formulas.html)</i>
Nested formulas, or formula on formula, allow you to reference a formula within another formula.</literallayout>
      </li>
      <li>
<literallayout><i>[About formula support for chasm trap schemas]({{ site.baseurl }}/complex-search/about-formula-support-for-chasm-trap-schemas.html)</i>
You can create a formula that involves aggregated measures coming from multiple fact tables of a chasm trap.</literallayout>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>
      Text formulas are also available. These are covered in the
      comprehensive <i>[Formula function
      reference]({{ site.baseurl
      }}/reference/formula-reference.html)</i>, which provides
      brief descriptions and examples for all types of formulas. The
      above topics explain concepts and give step-by-step instructions
      of how to work with formulas, whereas the reference is a quick
      cheat sheet.
    </p>
  </section>
</body>

</topic>
