<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="about-conditional-formatting_xml"><title>Understand conditional Formatting</title><body>
  <section id="title-understand-conditional-formatting-last_updated-tbd-sidebar-mydoc_sidebar-permalink-collectionpathhtml">
    <title>Understand conditional Formatting</title>
    <p>
      You can apply conditional formatting to tables or charts to
      highlight values in the data. This makes values above, below, or
      within a particular threshold stand out.
    </p>
    <p>
      You can add visual cues for KPIs (Key Performance Indicators) or
      threshold metrics to charts and tables, to easily show where you
      are falling short or exceeding targets. These visual cues are
      called conditional formatting, which applies color formatting to
      your search result. For tables, you can add conditional formatting
      to set the background color of cells in a table based on the
      values they contain. For charts, you can add conditional
      formatting to show the threshold(s) you defined, and the data that
      falls within them will be shown using the same color.
    </p>
    <p>
      Many companies create pinboards with key metrics they want to
      track in daily or weekly staff meetings. Using conditional
      formatting, they can see at a glance how they are performing
      relative to these metrics.
    </p>
  </section>
</body>

</topic>
