<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="retrieve-expert-answer_xml"><title>"View an answer from an expert"</title><body>
  <section id="title-view-an-answer-from-an-expert-last_updated-09232019-summary-how-to-find-an-answer-from-an-expert-sidebar-mydoc_sidebar-permalink-collectionpathhtml">
    <title>"View an answer from an expert"</title>
    <p>
      When you use <i>Ask an expert</i> to
      get help, you can view the answer after the expert responds.
    </p>
    <p>
      To view the answer:
    </p>
    <p>
      Click the link in the email you receive automatically when the
      expert answers your question, or if you're not set up with an
      email in ThoughtSpot:
    </p>
    <ol>
      <li>
        <p>
          Click <i>Answers</i> in the top
          menu.
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          Click the name of the answer you want to review. If you can't
          find it, try using the
          <i>Yours</i> filter to narrow down
          the list.
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          View your answer.
        </p>
      </li>
    </ol>
    <p>
      The answer will include any changes the expert made, to get to the
      answer you were looking for. You should review the new answer, to
      learn from the things the expert did to answer your question.
    </p>
    <p>
      Note that the answer is a full fledged ThoughtSpot answer. This
      means that you can pin it to a pinboard, edit it, or share it with
      others, just like the result of any ThoughtSpot search.
    </p>
  </section>
  <section id="related-information">
    <title>Related information</title>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <p>
          [Ask an expert]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/end-user/search/ask-an-expert.html)
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          [Answer Ask an expert questions]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/end-user/search/answer-expert-question.html)
        </p>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </section>
</body>

</topic>
