<?xml version='1.0' encoding='UTF-8'?>
<!DOCTYPE topic PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Topic//EN" "topic.dtd">
<topic id="searchiq-data-collection_xml"><title>SearchIQ data collection</title><body>
  <section id="title-searchiq-data-collection-last_updated-09232019-summary-learn-what-data-searchiq-collects-about-usage-and-language-mappings-sidebar-mydoc_sidebar-permalink-collectionpathhtml">
    <title>SearchIQ data collection</title>
    <p>
      <i>SearchIQ is in Beta.</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      {% include note.html content="SearchIQ is turned off by
      default, you can have ThoughtSpot Support enable it for you.
      SearchIQ is only available in English." %}
    </p>
    <p>
      SearchIQ collects data to improve its interpretation of natural
      language search.
    </p>
    <p>
      Here are some FAQs (frequently asked questions) about data
      collection in SearchIQ:
    </p>
    <p>
      <i>Why does SearchIQ collect data?</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      SearchIQ collects data to improve the accuracy of the Natural
      Language engine in ThoughtSpot. By learning from the ways in which
      users express queries, we continuously improve our system.
    </p>
    <p>
      NOTE: The Web Speech API provided by the user’s browser converts
      the voice input to text. Each browser implements the Web Speech
      API differently, so please check the documentation for your
      browser if you want more information about voice to text.
    </p>
    <p>
      <i>What data does SearchIQ
      collect?</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      SearchIQ collects the search query, how it was interpreted by the
      system, any user interactions with the search result along with
      the global unique identifier (GUID) for that user. The content of
      the answer returned by SearchIQ is NOT logged.
    </p>
    <p>
      SearchIQ does not collect or use voice data.
    </p>
    <p>
      <i>What are some examples of data SearchIQ
      collects?</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      Let’s say there is a retail sales worksheet titled RETAIL SALES
      WORKSHEET, and a user asks the following question using natural
      language:
    </p>
    <p>
      “Tell me sales for Nike jackets in 2018”
    </p>
    <p>
      ThoughtSpot will collect and store the following data:
    </p>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <p>
          The name of the data source on which question was asked
          (worksheet or tablet, etc): RETAIL SALES WORKSHEET
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          The natural language question “Tell me sales for Nike jackets
          in 2018”.
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          How the question was interpreted:
        </p>
        <p>
          “tell me” -&gt; --- ,
        </p>
        <p>
          “sales” -&gt; “REVENUE”,
        </p>
        <p>
          “nike jackets” -&gt; ‘nike jacket sku 3445’ in PRODUCT NAME,
        </p>
        <p>
          “in” -&gt; ---, “2018” -&gt; ‘2018’ in SALE DATE.
        </p>
        <p>
          Here, “tell me”, “for” and “in” were ignored, “sales” was
          interpreted as the column name “REVENUE”, “nike jackets” was
          interpreted as a specific nike jacket in the PRODUCT NAME
          column, and “2018” was interpreted as a filter on the SALE
          DATE column.
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          The GUID (global unique identifier) of the user
        </p>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>
      SearchIQ will NOT log the content of the returned answer - i.e.
      the sale number returned for this question.
    </p>
    <p>
      <i>Do any third parties have access to this
      data?</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      Yes, we use a third party service provider, Mixpanel
      (<link href="https://mixpanel.com">https://mixpanel.com</link>
      ), to store and analyze the data we collect.
    </p>
    <p>
      <i>Where is this data stored?</i>
    </p>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <p>
          The data is stored locally on the customer cluster and is
          accessible only by customer admins and ThoughtSpot employees
          authorized by the customer.
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          The date is stored on Mixpanel servers.
        </p>
      </li>
    </ul>
    <p>
      <i>How is this data secured?</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      Mixpanel secures the data in these ways:
    </p>
    <p>
      Security Overview:
      <link href="https://mixpanel.com/legal/security-overview/">https://mixpanel.com/legal/security-overview/</link>
    </p>
    <p>
      Mixpanel uses TLS to secure data in transit and encrypts data at
      rest.
    </p>
    <p>
      Please review the following material regarding the Mixpanel
      Architecture:
      <link href="https://mixpanel.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/System-architecture_June2018.pdf">https://mixpanel.com/wp-content/uploads/2018/06/System-architecture_June2018.pdf</link>
    </p>
    <p>
      <i>What is the retention policy of this
      data?</i> <i>What happens to the data
      when it is no longer needed?</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      Data can be retained for 5+ years. It is deleted after it is no
      longer needed.
    </p>
    <p>
      <i>Who has access to this data?</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      Select ThoughtSpot employees who need to access this data in order
      to improve the product.
    </p>
    <p>
      <i>May I opt out of this data
      collection?</i>
    </p>
    <p>
      Your ThoughtSpot administrator may ask ThoughtSpot to disable
      SearchIQ data logging for all users in the cluster. Please note
      that this will impact the accuracy of natural language question
      interpretation by the system.
    </p>
  </section>
  <section id="related-information">
    <title>Related information</title>
    <ul>
      <li>
        <p>
          [About SearchIQ]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/end-user/search/about-searchiq.html)
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          [Use SearchIQ]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/end-user/search/use-searchiq.html)
        </p>
      </li>
      <li>
        <p>
          [Teach SearchIQ your language]({{ site.baseurl
          }}/end-user/search/teach-searchiq.html)
        </p>
      </li>
    </ul>
  </section>
</body>

</topic>
